---
title: Seattle Gummy Company Thrives Globally with Help from U.S. Commercial Service
url: https://www.trade.gov/success-story/seattle-gummy-company-thrives-globally-help-us-commercial-service
date: '2024-06-03'
author: Thomas.Meade@trade.gov
feed_url: https://trade.gov/rss.xml
---
Seattle Gummy Company Thrives Globally with Help from U.S. Commercial Service Thomas.Meade@t… Mon, 06/03/2024 - 12:08 Vitamins and Supplements Latin America China Asia Pacific Market Research Trade Opportunities Seattle Gummy Company (SGC), a premium supplement manufacturer based in Renton, Washington, sought to expand its sales internationally in 2019, targeting distribution partners in China, South America, and South Asia. The U.S. Commercial Service in Seattle (CS Seattle) was pivotal in supporting SGC’s global growth ambitions. For years, CS Seattle provided invaluable export counseling, market intelligence, and program guidance to SGC, including facilitating access to the Small Business Administration STEP funding program and EXIM credit insurance. This assistance proved instrumental in 2019 and 2020 when SGC secured STEP funding to facilitate meetings with local distributors and export product samples. CS Seattle’s embassy connections also ensured SGC received up-to-date market insights. Thanks to CS Seattle’s support, SGC’s export sales skyrocketed in the years that followed. The company now exports its innovative functional gummy products to China, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Thailand, and Singapore. “We are grateful for the U.S. Commercial Service’s vital support in helping our products reach China, South America, and South Asia,” said Dr. Connie Wan, SGC’s founder. “With CS Seattle’s continued guidance, we anticipate expanding our export operations further expecting our foreign sales will soon equal our domestic sales.”
